feat/new product overview pages (#646)
hirosystems/docs: docs/ordinals-api/index.mdx

---
# The default id is the same as the one defined below. so not needed
title: Ordinals API Overview
sidebar_label: Overview
custom_edit_url: null
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<p class="p-3 rounded-lg bg-neutral-100 text-neutral-500 dark:bg-neutral-800 dark:text-neutral-400">The Ordinals API provides you with fast, reliable data for Bitcoin ordinals and BRC-20 tokens via an easy-to-use REST interface.</p>

<div class="mb-10"></div>

> Using our endpoints, you can retrieve metadata for a particular inscription, trading activity, all inscriptions held by a particular address, and more. Start integrating ordinals and BRC-20 tokens into your app with one of the most reliable APIs on the market today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using our endpoints, you can retrieve metadata for a particular inscription, trading activity, all inscriptions held by a particular address, and more. Start integrating ordinals and BRC-20 tokens into your app with one of the most reliable APIs on the market today.

<div class="flex justify-end my-8">
  <a href="/ordinals" class="p-3">
    View API Reference <span class="ml-1">→</span>
  </a>
</div>
```

### Popular Endpoints

<div class="subSections my-8">
  <a href="/ordinals/inscription-content">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Display Bitcoin Ordinals</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Retrieve metadata related to a given inscription.</p>
  </a>
  <a href="/ordinals/brc-20-tokens">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Integrate BRC-20 tokens</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Retrieve metadata related to BRC-20 tokens.</p>
  </a>
</div>

<div class="subSections my-8">
  <a href="/ordinals/list-of-inscriptions">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Showcase user portfolios</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Get all inscriptions held by particular addresses.</p>
  </a>
  <a href="/ordinals/satoshi-ordinal">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Retrieve ordinals data for a specific satoshi</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Fetch all inscription data related to a particular satoshi.</p>
  </a>
</div>

<div class="subSections my-8 w-[50%]">
  <a href="/ordinals/transfers-per-block">
    <div class="subSectionTitle"><h3>Graph marketplace activity</h3><span>→</span></div>
    <p>Pull all transfers from particular blocks.</p>
  </a>
</div>

> <div class="flex justify-end my-8">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   <a href="/ordinals" class="p-3">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     View API Reference <span class="ml-1">→</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   </a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</div>
```
```suggestion
```

### Related Tools

**[Ordhook](../ordhook/index.mdx)**: Want to run your own infra? Set up your own Ordhook, the indexer that powers the Ordinals API.

**[Ordinals Explorer](https://ordinals.hiro.so)**: The Ordinals API powers Hiro’s Ordinals Explorer, which lets you rapidly discover inscriptions and verify on-chain activity.

---

> Need help building with the Ordinals API? Reach out to us on the `#ordinals` channel on Discord under Hiro Developer Tools section. We also host a weekly office hours on Discord every Monday at 11am ET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help building with the Ordinals API? Reach out to us on the `#ordinals` channel on Discord under the [Hiro Developer Tools section](https://stacks.chat/). There’s also a [weekly office hours](https://events.stacks.co/event/HD16484710) on Discord every Thursday at 11am ET.
```
